The main objective of the task was to code, ostilise and program the operation of a calculator, based on the project available at the address given.

I used WebStorm and the React library to complete the task. To ensure responsiveness, I used CSS features such as flex and align-items: centre, which allowed the calculator to be centred on the screen, regardless of size, without cropping. The visual elements of the calculator were rendered according to the example sent, using GIMP and the pipette tool to achieve accurate colours. Hover and click animations were implemented using appropriate transition effects and :hover pseudo-classes to achieve the desired effect.

The main functionality is based on the handleClick method, and other related methods that depend on the type of operation we want to perform. This method reads the target that has been clicked based on the assigned names for the individual buttons, and takes the appropriate action based on this.

I encountered several problems during implementation. One was to ensure that characters did not overwrite each other. The solution was to manipulate the text appropriately to add characters at the end or remove them. Another problem was the protection against attempting to divide by zero, which could lead to program crashes. The last bug that is unfortunately flawed is %, when trying to convert to flout it gave unnecessary zeros that were not recognised by the program and trying to replace them resulted in errors in the program, unfortunately the functionality of this button was not solved. Additionally, I needed to provide support for large numbers by limiting their length in the displays. To do this, I used CSS text formatting with word-break: all, which allowed the text to be moved to the next line in the display when needed, allowing operations on large numbers. Other smaller issues were also addressed to ensure the calculator worked correctly.
